do you want to learn how to improve your
website conversion rates by using
customer feedback
[Music]
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and host the top 100 marketing podcast
business growth show if you haven't yet
check out my weekly email where i'm
sharing actionable website and marketing
tips useful podcasts bonus resources
goodies and much much more every week so
you can kick off your monday with a bang
why not give it a try over at business
growth dot email so today i'm going to
share how you can leverage customer
feedback
and it might just improve the conversion
rates inbound sales inbound clients that
you attract and generate through your
website so let's jump straight in
all right so first of all you're going
to want to dive into analytics software
so in our case we use google analytics
but if you've got a similar analytics
tool that's absolutely fine if you
haven't yet installed any
setting up google analytics is free it's
simple to create an account and then
just get your web developer to install
the piece of code on your site and
you're going to want at least a month 30
days or so worth of data once you're in
google analytics go to the left menu
click on behavior click on site content
and then go down to all pages
and once that fires up and loads up
we're going to switch it to a month so
you can get a month's worth of data
and then look at your top performing
pages so in our case we probably want to
look at the top five pages we've got
home page contact about portfolio and
website pricing for our top five however
if you're perhaps a larger scale maybe
even an enterprise company you might
have tons of traffic going to a bunch of
pages so in our case the home page takes
6.3 k visits each month and then the
rest of the pages are just a few hundred
whereas if you've got several thousand
or more going to more than five pages
you might want to do 10 pages plus if
you've got the resources and bandwidth
to do so and perhaps you've got a lot of
organic traffic from blog articles and
such that are sending or maybe paid so
assess what are the top five pages if
you are a lot larger org
with a lot more traffic to a lot more
pages then
look to research a lot more of these
pages if you've got the bandwidth now
with that said what we want to do so we
want to essentially now we've looked at
our top performing pages in our case
five
we wanna line up five to ten
of our best customers to now interview
so if you've not got five to ten great
customers and buy great customers i mean
ones that you enjoy working with
ones that they enjoy working with you
ones that fit your ideal client profile
so the right type of business sector to
be working with they're profitable to
your business and they actually help
your business scale and grow because you
enjoy working with them they enjoy
working with you and they're driving
profitable revenue
five to ten is ideal
if you haven't got these then you want
to find ideal clients that fit this
profile ideal prospects
and not everyone's gonna agree to do it
with you right so you might have to
offer them incentive and that might be a
free assessment a free audit or review
or maybe you offer them some kind of
incentive or voucher or promotion
so once you've got these prospects or
existing customers lined up ideally you
want to run this on a zoom call or video
call like skype that you can actually
record the session and analyze the data
and you want to go through your top five
performing pages so if i give you an
example perhaps we go on to
after we get our ideal clients to go
through our homepage and this is
something i've done on key pages that we
roll out for our site so usually if we
design a new page we want to get our
ideal clients to review it and get some
live feedback and the reason we're doing
this is because we want to design our
website to attract more of the same
target customers that we actually enjoy
working with and that drive profitable
revenue to scale and grow our business
so what you want to do is you want to
ask them things like please assess the
copy the design the layout the format
does the page clearly show what we do
how we help
what do you like about the page
what could be improved and what do you
feel is missing and does it actually
help you understand and is it driving
you is it encouraging you do you feel
compelled to take the next step of that
page whether it is learning more or
whether it is taking the next step and
booking a consult call or booking an
assessment or whatever that action is
you want them to take so those main
things
what do you like about the page what do
you feel is needing improvement what do
you feel is missing and
do you feel the page does a good job at
actually
making you take that desired action that
we want you to take by booking your cool
learning more heading to another section
of the site
so this is going to give you juicy
golden nuggets in a range of different
ways they might say well your website
headline for example if they're looking
at the home page they might say the
headline doesn't clearly actually show
tell me exactly what you do and how you
help and ultimately i want to land on
your site straight away i want to know
what you do how you help or maybe one of
your top performing pages is a pricing
page so maybe they jump onto your
pricing page and they say that's okay
but you've not actually shown me kind of
the benefits of each feature or maybe
they say your pricing is not detailed
enough or perhaps it doesn't answer
common questions so perhaps it's not
actually giving you an idea of kind of
common questions they've got
objections that they might have and
answering those things so the great
thing
is you're recording these sessions
you're getting useful data from
customers
and then what you want to do is once
you've run your five to ten calls with
your best current customers or ideal fit
clients
hopefully you've recorded them on zoom
or worst case you've used a notepad and
pen and you've drilled down the common
answers or you put them into a google
doc so you can assess
all
the common responses so let's say for
example your homepage was your top
performing page in terms of traffic it
was number one and a lot of people said
the headline isn't clear it doesn't
clearly summarize what we do
and then you want to take their feedback
and say well what would you what would
you advise
and what have you got any ideas on how
we can improve it and so on so take the
common feedback and work on those points
and perhaps they've also said the
homepage actually lacks a bit of
testimonials it latched some social
proof it's not giving us trust in your
business so maybe you think about
implementing a testimonial slider or
review slider or some customer review
videos
likewise perhaps they said your pricing
page is too brief it gives you an idea
of kind of starting rates but doesn't
answer questions doesn't fill them with
trust it doesn't handle their anxieties
so the whole point of this exercise is
that you look at your top performing
pages
you ask your literal customers or your
target customers for their real feedback
on what works well what needs improving
what's missing and then you actually
analyze all these points you analyze the
common feedback
you detail it in a document like a
google doc and then you put it into
action to actually make those tweaks on
your website whether it is to do with
your copy the design the content itself
you leverage the common feedback put it
into play
all with the focus that you're crafting
you're designing you're learning from
the clients you actually want to attract
on the basis that it's going to do a
good job and overall improve your
conversion rates because you're
designing it for the people you want to
be working with and there we have it why
not give this a try for your website and
see how it affects your conversion rate
so if you enjoyed the episode a rating
or review on your audio podcast channel
is always appreciated or if you are on
youtube subscribe i'd be very very
thankful for and with that i should
catch you on the next episode
cheers